# Final_Project
LAND COVER CLASSIFICATION FROM HYPERSPECTRAL IMAGES USING DEEP LEARNING

Hyper spectral pictures have been employed in a wide range of applications as remote sensing technology has improved. And lot of works have been done to extract the features from remote sensing and accurate learning for classify the classes. The spectral and spatial information of images have been allows to classify the results with improved accuracy. Fusion of spatial and spectral data is an actual way in improving the accuracy of hyper-spectral image classification. In this work, we proposed spectral with spatial details based on hyper-spectral image classification method using neural network classifiers and using multi neurons based learning approach is used to classify the remote sensing images with specific class labels. The features may be supernatural and latitudinal data is extracted using boundary values using decision boundary feature extraction (DBFE). These extracted features are trained using convolutional neural networks (CNN) for improve the accuracy for labelling the classes.  The methodology entails of training and embedding regularizer towards the loss function recycled for train the neural networks. Training is done using various layers with additional balancing constraints to avoid falling into local minima. In testing phase, classify each remote sensing image and avoid false truth map. Experimental results shows that improved accuracy in class specification rather than other state of art algorithms.


